# Some thoughts on my motivation
**2020-08-27**

This is the third time I've rebuilt this website. At first it was a static site
being generated by a overly complicated Python script hosted on an OVH cloud
instance. Next it was dynamically generating pages with Markdown using options
provided by the [Caddy server][caddy_server]. Now it exists as a static website
generated with slapdash Ruby script from Markdown,
[hosted on Github pages][gh_pages]. This seems like an unreasonable amount of
effort for a website which has a grand total of one post, about McDonald's Wifi
of all things. I think this weird application of effort illustrates how my
motivation tends to manifest.

Over the two or so years since my last post here I've ended up learning a lot
about myself and what motivates to do things. This introspection is not exactly
sudden, but properly entering the workforce is one of the main prompts for this.
I won't share everything but I have learnt, that even for things I really want
to do, I tend towards brief bursts of motivation combined with perfectionist
behaviour. Obviously this creates situations where being able to make solid
progress on a project or a goal becomes nearly impossible, as the regular and
consistent effort required is non-existent.

Being able to fix these shortcomings is something I want to actively fix, as I
now realise it is very much preventing me from doing the things I want in life.
I guess accepting these flaws is the first step to solving them, and this post
can be part of that (I think). Even writing this post I find difficult, as I
have to constantly remind myself that every post here does not have to be good.
Each post does not have to be carefully curated, providing insight and
information, or even be useful to the reader. This is just text on my persona
website. Who cares?

Going forward, I want to be able to complete things. This is the bar I am
setting myself. I am willing to throw deadlines at myself and forego my care
about quality as long I can get concrete bits of work or effort put into things.
After I can start completing things, I can start making them better, which is an
improvement I want to see. As a start, I've decided to revive my old
[renderer project][renderer_github]. Lets see how that goes for now...

[caddy_server]: https://caddyserver.com/
[gh_pages]: https://github.com/jai-x/jai-x.github.io
[renderer_github]: https://github.com/jai-x/renderer
